Activision Blizzard, Inc.
https://www.google.com/finance?q=Activision+Blizzard%2C+Inc.&ei=F65xWYCgH8ukeY7cjgg
Activision Blizzard, Inc.
https://www.google.com/finance?q=Activision+Blizzard%2C+Inc.&ei=F65xWYCgH8ukeY7cjgg
Arconic Inc.
https://www.google.com/finance?q=Arconic+Inc.&ei=kLFxWcCXDcjCep7pm8AN
America Movil SAB de CV 
https://www.google.com/finance?q=NYSE%3AAMX&ei=0tpxWaGqJpKWeumRkZgD
Apple Inc.
https://www.google.com/finance?q=Apple+Inc.&ei=V9xxWYnNHYHpeNeokfgJ
Arch Coal Inc.
https://www.google.com/finance?q=Arch+Coal+Inc.&ei=z9xxWfiEG4y5et7KjIgF
Arcos Dorados Holdings Inc.
https://www.google.com/finance?q=Arcos+Dorados+Holdings+Inc.&ei=29xxWcmdGIeTed6SjOAJ
Australia and New Zealand Banking Group
https://www.google.com/finance?q=ASX%3AANZ&sq=Australia%20and%20New%20Zealand%20Banking%20Group&sp=1&ei=B91xWZDKK8abebC1ssAJ
Avianca Holdings S.A.
https://www.google.com/finance?q=Avianca+Holdings+S.A.&ei=C91xWdCGA8jCep7pm8AN
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria
https://www.google.com/finance?q=NYSE%3ABBVA&sq=Banco%20Bilbao%20Vizcaya%20Argentaria&sp=1&ei=Sd1xWbj2CoeTed6SjOAJ
Banco Bradesco S.A.
https://www.google.com/finance?q=NYSE%3ABBD&sq=Banco%20Bradesco%20S.A.&sp=1&ei=YN1xWaH0N5WAe6HSlOgI
Banco BTG Pactual SA
https://www.google.com/finance?q=Banco+BTG+Pactual+SA&ei=Y91xWYiLM8eqeb2wl-AD
Banco Santander Brasil SA
https://www.google.com/finance?q=NYSE%3ABSBR&sq=Banco%20Santander%20Brasil%20SA&sp=1&ei=qt1xWZnyAdPweP2ctZAI
Banco Santander Chile
https://www.google.com/finance?q=Banco+Santander+Chile&ei=it1xWdi-J8ihedeIjfAM
Banco Santander S.A.
https://www.google.com/finance?q=NYSE%3ASAN&sq=Banco%20Santander%20S.A.&sp=1&ei=z91xWZGMFuevedXTsugH
Bancolombia
https://www.google.com/finance?q=Bancolombia&ei=091xWfiZFJWAe6HSlOgI
BNP Paribas S.A.
https://www.google.com/finance?q=EPA%3ABNP&sq=BNP%20Paribas%20S.A.&sp=1&ei=Dd5xWdD9Bcy6es_5ppgE
Canacol Energy Ltd.
https://www.google.com/finance?q=TSE%3ACNE&sq=Canacol%20Energy%20Ltd.&sp=1&ei=Hd5xWeC2DeSLeailoqAI
Canadian Natural Resources Limited
https://www.google.com/finance?q=NYSE%3ACNQ&sq=Canadian%20Natural%20Resources%20Limited&sp=1&ei=Lt5xWcGIEpWAe6HSlOgI
Chicago Bridge & Iron Company
https://www.google.com/finance?q=Chicago+Bridge+%26+Iron+Company&ei=MN5xWeiPJ8eqeb2wl-AD
Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc.
https://www.google.com/finance?q=Chipotle+Mexican+Grill%2C+Inc.&ei=QN5xWemzG8jCep7pm8AN
Cisco Systems, Inc.
https://www.google.com/finance?q=Cisco+Systems%2C+Inc.&ei=S95xWajvHMukeY7cjgg
Citigroup Inc
https://www.google.com/finance?q=Citigroup+Inc&ei=n95xWamYOYXKe8b-lvAB
Compañía Siderúrgica Nacional
https://www.google.com/finance?q=Compa%C3%B1%C3%ADa+Sider%C3%BArgica+Nacional&ei=sd5xWZnUC5KGeo7xlbgP
Concho Resources Inc
https://www.google.com/finance?q=Concho+Resources+Inc&ei=vN5xWfDUHceqeb2wl-AD
Continental Resources Inc.
https://www.google.com/finance?q=Continental+Resources+Inc.&ei=yt5xWYmsKMjCep7pm8AN
Copa Holdings S.A.
https://www.google.com/finance?q=Copa+Holdings+S.A.&ei=7d5xWZjuLMukeY7cjgg
Cosan Ltd
https://www.google.com/finance?q=Cosan+Ltd&ei=_N5xWfjMA4XKe8b-lvAB
Davita Inc
https://www.google.com/finance?q=Davita+Inc&ei=Bt9xWbHjLZKGeo7xlbgP
Deutsche Telekom AG
https://www.google.com/finance?q=OTCMKTS%3ADTEGY&sq=Deutsche%20Telekom%20AG&sp=1&ei=JN9xWdjEJcukeY7cjgg
Diana Shipping Inc.
https://www.google.com/finance?q=Diana+Shipping+Inc.&ei=J99xWdnEJYy5et7KjIgF
Discover Financial Services
https://www.google.com/finance?q=Discover+Financial+Services&ei=M99xWcnSMIeTed6SjOAJ
Ecopetrol SA
https://www.google.com/finance?q=NYSE%3AEC&sq=Ecopetrol%20SA&sp=1&ei=R99xWZDFA4HpeNeokfgJ
EOG Resources Inc.
https://www.google.com/finance?q=EOG+Resources+Inc.&ei=Sd9xWenQO8abebC1ssAJ
First Quantum Minerals Limited
https://www.google.com/finance?q=First+Quantum+Minerals+Limited&ei=WN9xWaGzI8y6es_5ppgE
Fluor Corporation
https://www.google.com/finance?q=Fluor+Corporation&ei=Yt9xWcDzGIyYe6mXm8gO
Gafisa S.A.
https://www.google.com/finance?q=Gafisa+S.A.&ei=cd9xWfDpFo6FetaqlfAC
General Electric
https://www.google.com/finance?q=General+Electric&ei=fN9xWYmjK5WAe6HSlOgI
Gerdau S.A.
https://www.google.com/finance?q=Gerdau+S.A.&ei=hN9xWaj7GMabebC1ssAJ
GNC Holdings, Inc.
https://www.google.com/finance?q=GNC+Holdings%2C+Inc.&ei=p99xWfD7EMy6es_5ppgE
Gol Linhas Aereas Inteligentes S.A.
https://www.google.com/finance?q=Gol+Linhas+Aereas+Inteligentes+S.A.&ei=sd9xWemnH4yYe6mXm8gO
Grupo Aval Acciones y Valores S.A.
https://www.google.com/finance?q=Grupo+Aval+Acciones+y+Valores+S.A.&ei=ud9xWejQO46FetaqlfAC
Grupo Televisa S.A.B.
https://www.google.com/finance?q=NYSE%3ATV&sq=Grupo%20Televisa%20S.A.B.&sp=1&ei=3N9xWdDEGM6KepnHvdAI
HCA Healthcare, Inc.
https://www.google.com/finance?q=HCA+Healthcare%2C+Inc.&ei=3t9xWeCpO5ufe6H9hsAN
HollyFrontier Corporation
https://www.google.com/finance?q=HollyFrontier+Corporation&ei=6N9xWambOMihedeIjfAM
Home Depot Inc
https://www.google.com/finance?q=Home+Depot+Inc&ei=8d9xWYivJ42ce_HLnrgP
Hypermarcas SA
https://www.google.com/finance?q=BVMF%3AHYPE3&sq=Hypermarcas%20SA&sp=1&ei=CuBxWZjKOITueLXbhdAJ
International Business Machines Corp.
https://www.google.com/finance?q=International+Business+Machines+Corp.&ei=DuBxWaGHCMiwefycofgF
ICA SAB de CV
https://www.google.com/finance?q=ICA+SAB+de+CV&ei=JuBxWZj6KM6KepnHvdAI
Invesco Ltd
https://www.google.com/finance?q=Invesco+Ltd&ei=MOBxWeCqEZKWeumRkZgD
Itau Unibanco Holding SA
https://www.google.com/finance?q=NYSE%3AITUB&sq=Itau%20Unibanco%20Holding%20SA&sp=1&ei=TeBxWcD_FOeSe5f0ufAF
KBR, Inc.
https://www.google.com/finance?q=KBR%2C+Inc.&ei=UOBxWcllioJ47vex2A4
M.D.C. Holdings, Inc
https://www.google.com/finance?q=M.D.C.+Holdings%2C+Inc&ei=V-BxWdmsLdP9eq-knNgF
MasterCard Inc.
https://www.google.com/finance?q=MasterCard+Inc.&ei=deBxWbHSCZufe6H9hsAN
Merck & Co., Inc.
https://www.google.com/finance?q=NYSE%3AMRK&sq=Merck%20%26%20Co.%2C%20Inc.&sp=3&ei=jeBxWdDWEoeTed6SjOAJ
Meritage Homes Corporation
https://www.google.com/finance?q=Meritage+Homes+Corporation&ei=luBxWbjwDI6FetaqlfAC
Metlife Inc
https://www.google.com/finance?q=NYSE%3AMET&sq=Metlife%20Inc&sp=1&ei=quBxWcjeLM6KepnHvdAI
MEXICHEM SAB de CV
https://www.google.com/finance?q=BMV:MEXCHEM&sq=MEXICHEM+SAB+de+CV&sp=3&ei=PbNyWfnmJITueLXbhdAJ
Michael Kors Holdings Limited
https://www.google.com/finance?q=Michael+Kors+Holdings+Limited&ei=vOBxWdHBGYyYe6mXm8gO
Morgan Stanley
https://www.google.com/finance?q=Morgan+Stanley&ei=yuBxWfGhLpKGeo7xlbgP
National Australia Bank Ltd.
https://www.google.com/finance?q=ASX%3ANAB&sq=National%20Australia%20Bank%20Ltd.&sp=1&ei=-OBxWen4BMjCep7pm8AN
Newmont Mining Corp
https://www.google.com/finance?q=Newmont+Mining+Corp&ei=--BxWYCsG5GMeLGIuaAD
NII Holdings, Inc.
https://www.google.com/finance?q=NII+Holdings%2C+Inc.&ei=AeFxWdjlGoy5et7KjIgF
Nordea Bank AB
https://www.google.com/finance?q=Nordea+Bank+AB&ei=EuFxWbr1NIeTed6SjOAJ
Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc.
https://www.google.com/finance?q=Nu+Skin+Enterprises%2C+Inc.&ei=HOFxWfGMNZWAe6HSlOgI
Pan American Silver Corp.
https://www.google.com/finance?q=NASDAQ%3APAAS&sq=Pan%20American%20Silver%20Corp.&sp=2&ei=MeFxWfnaKMy6es_5ppgE
Petroleo Brasileiro SA
https://www.google.com/finance?q=Petroleo+Brasileiro+SA&ei=N-FxWdieCMukeY7cjgg
Pfizer Inc.
https://www.google.com/finance?q=Pfizer+Inc.&ei=PeFxWfCGN4XKe8b-lvAB
Phelps Dodge Corp
https://www.google.com/finance?q=Phelps+Dodge+Corp&ei=SuFxWdmyK5KGeo7xlbgP
Potash Corporation of Saskatchewan Inc. 
https://www.google.com/finance?q=Potash+Corporation+of+Saskatchewan+Inc.&ei=UuFxWdD2Mceqeb2wl-AD
Promotora y Operadora de Infraestructura SAB de CV
https://www.google.com/finance?q=BMV%3APINFRA&sq=Promotora%20y%20Operadora%20de%20Infraestructura%20SAB%20de%20CV&sp=1&ei=aeFxWaH3NsukeY7cjgg
Qualcomm, Inc.
https://www.google.com/finance?q=Qualcomm%2C+Inc.&ei=buFxWbixIYy5et7KjIgF
Regions Financial Corp
https://www.google.com/finance?q=Regions+Financial+Corp&ei=euFxWaKTBIeTed6SjOAJ
Rio Tinto plc
https://www.google.com/finance?q=NYSE%3ARIO&sq=Rio%20Tinto%20plc&sp=1&ei=kOFxWYm4JMqxetmFkdAC
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB
https://www.google.com/finance?q=STO%3ASEB-A&sq=Skandinaviska%20Enskilda%20Banken%20AB&sp=1&ei=nOFxWenWOZKWeumRkZgD
Societe Generale
https://www.google.com/finance?q=EPA%3AGLE&sq=Societe%20Generale&sp=1&ei=sOFxWYCjHoqCeO73sdgO
Southern Copper Corporation
https://www.google.com/finance?q=Southern+Copper+Corporation&ei=s-FxWaH7C-evedXTsugH
Teck Resources Ltd
https://www.google.com/finance?q=NYSE%3ATECK&sq=Teck%20Resources%20Ltd&sp=1&ei=zeFxWaDvD5GMeLGIuaAD
Ternium S.A.
https://www.google.com/finance?q=Ternium+S.A.&ei=0OFxWdjEJZKWeumRkZgD
Tesoro Corporation
https://www.google.com/finance?q=Tesoro+Corporation&ei=2uFxWYHMOtPweP2ctZAI
Titan International, Inc.
https://www.google.com/finance?q=Titan+International%2C+Inc.&ei=5uFxWcGZNueSe5f0ufAF
Transocean Ltd.
https://www.google.com/finance?q=Transocean+Ltd.&ei=7uFxWcnVL8iwefycofgF
U.S. Bancorp
https://www.google.com/finance?q=NYSE%3AUSB&sq=U.S.%20Bancorp&sp=1&ei=_-FxWcCFE5KWeumRkZgD
Valero Energy Corporation
https://www.google.com/finance?q=Valero+Energy+Corporation&ei=CuJxWfmkOuSLeailoqAI
Vantiv, Inc.
https://www.google.com/finance?q=Vantiv%2C+Inc.&ei=FuJxWamuCM6ieYCanMgP
Visa Inc.
https://www.google.com/finance?q=Visa+Inc.&ei=MuJxWeC5DMqxetmFkdAC
Vodafone Group plc
https://www.google.com/finance?q=NASDAQ%3AVOD&sq=Vodafone%20Group%20plc&sp=1&ei=YuJxWeG_CoyYe6mXm8gO
Whole Foods Market, Inc
https://www.google.com/finance?q=Whole+Foods+Market%2C+Inc&ei=ZuJxWamxB4XKe8b-lvAB
Yamana Gold Inc.
https://www.google.com/finance?q=Yamana+Gold+Inc.&ei=cOJxWbj7MpKGeo7xlbgP
